Clean up documentation (#1506)
jmorganca/ollama: docs/troubleshooting.md

# How to troubleshoot issues

Sometimes Ollama may not perform as you expect. One of the best ways to figure out what just happened is to take a look at the logs. You can find the logs on Mac by running the command:

```shell

> cat ~/.ollama/logs/server.log

Reviewer: or `tail -f`?

Author: Often the error is spread across a number of lines and having to run this a few times expanding the range, and explain the cli args to do so, is harder than just doing a single cat. But thanks for the comment

```

> On Linux, the logs can be found with this command:

Reviewer: if we use systemctl

Author: added something about this.

```shell
journalctl -u ollama
```

If you need help interpreting what you see, try signing in to the Discord at [discord.gg/ollama](https://discord.gg/ollama).

> ## Error Index

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Known issues
```

Author: Known issues to me means problems with the product we know about but need to fix, but these should be all the error messages that come up and what they mean.

> Sign in to the Discord at [discord.gg/ollama](https://discord.gg/ollama) for help interpreting the logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Join the [Discord](https://discord.gg/ollama) for help interpreting the logs.
```

## Known issues

> **signal: illegal instruction (core dumped).** - Ollama requires AVX support from the CPU. This was introduced in 2011 and CPUs started offering it in 2012. CPUs from before that and some lower end CPUs after that may not have AVX support and thus are not supported by Ollama. Some users have had luck with building Ollama on their machines disabling the need for AVX.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `signal: illegal instruction (core dumped)`: Ollama requires AVX support from the CPU. This was introduced in 2011 and CPUs started offering it in 2012. CPUs from before that and some lower end CPUs after that may not have AVX support and thus are not supported by Ollama. Some users have had luck with building Ollama on their machines disabling the need for AVX.
```

# How to troubleshoot issues

Sometimes Ollama may not perform as expected. One of the best ways to figure out what happened is to take a look at the logs. Find the logs on Mac by running the command:

```shell
cat ~/.ollama/logs/server.log
```

On Linux systems with systemd, the logs can be found with this command:

```shell
journalctl -u ollama
```

If manually running `ollama serve` in a terminal, the logs will be on that terminal.

Sign in to the Discord at [discord.gg/ollama](https://discord.gg/ollama) for help interpreting the logs.

## Known issues

> This is a list of some of the errors or issues that can pop up and their solutions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

# How to troubleshoot issues

Sometimes Ollama may not perform as you expect. One of the best ways to figure out what just happened is to take a look at the logs. You can find the logs on Mac by running the command:

```shell
cat ~/.ollama/logs/server.log
```

On Linux systems with systemd, the logs can be found with this command:

```shell
journalctl -u ollama
```

If you are manually running `ollama serve` in a terminal, the logs will be on that terminal.

If you need help interpreting what you see, try signing in to the Discord at [discord.gg/ollama](https://discord.gg/ollama).

> ## Known issues

Reviewer 2: This is a good spot to link to major known issues (e.g. ones we've closed repeated issues around)

Author: so not just explaining common messages in the logs

Reviewer 2: A combo of error message + link to issue for further discussion would be best!
